in any organization or just, uh, and in a personal, uh, life boundaries
have to be set. Um, I actually read a book about boundaries and set
in your boundaries. Boundaries are important. Um, I know for me, I
am a very, um, affectionate person. I am a very touchy person, and
I realized everyone is not like that. And so you have to be able to
sit down with someone, have conversations, get to know that person,
get to know their boundaries. Eso that way, you're you're you're able
Thio. Understand what that person, uh, or how that person feels when
you are with them on a everyday basis. Being in this organization
and part of the military, you're with people for long periods of times.
You're with certain people for 2 to 3 years at a time, and you
have to get to know that person and know their boundaries, what they
like and what they don't like. And it all starts with sitting down
and having a conversation again. Like I said in the beginning, I am
a very, uh, affectionate person, and I am a touchy feely person. One
of the trainings we do learn. Um here in this organization is how to
treat people and how to, uh, interact with people. Um, for example,
when I'm speaking to someone, obviously professionally, and if I want
to touch them to get my point across, one of the things that I am
authorized to do and that I'm trained to do is to touch them very
softly or lightly on their shoulder or touch their elbow. That way they
are not. They don't feel threatened or they don't feel that it is
sexual in nature. Also, one of the ways that we deal with people,
and the one of the ways that we are trained to deal with others is to
make sure that we are not in a person's personal space. And nine times
out of 10, you can always tell when a person is uncomfortable with
how close you are. To them, eso, one of the other areas is to make
sure that you're aware of how you are speaking to people and dealing
with people in their personal space